Kim Eun Jo,
Eun Jo?
Is this my real name?
What was my brother's name?
It's Eun Jo,
"Eun" means kindness, and "Jo" means help,
Ha Eun Jo,
It's hard to believe,
Whenever I went to a friend's house when I was young,
I would be jealous of them having a brother or a sister,
I also had a brother,
It's hard to call him your brother,
He's old enough to be your father,
How old would he be now?
Let me think,
He was about 6 or 7,,,
when I lost him,
He was about,,,
Han Gyul's age right now,
If he is alive,
he would be around 52 or 53,
He really is old enough to be my dad,
Is that why you never mentioned anything about dad to me?
Was it because you were too sorry?
My mother-in-law was horrible,
The moment I lost him,
I was thrown out of that house,
Goodness,
How was I born then?
I was born a long time after that,
After being thrown out, I didn't have a place to go,
I did laundry for people at their house,
People used to draw water from streams and wells,
I would draw water for people,
Your father would visit me once in a while,
He would give me some money,
I became pregnant with you unexpectedly,
That is ridiculous, Are you stupid?
Why were you still attached to someone like that?
You could've changed your life when you were young,
Did you inherit anything after Dad died?
How could I inherit anything?
The family threw me out empty-handed,,,
saying that I was the fault of losing their son,
I was worried about them finding about you and taking you away,
So I took you and ran away to Seoul,
Mom,
If it wasn't for you,
I would have died then,
It was so hard,
You know Apgujeong, right?
It used to be a cabbage field,,,
where your feet would sink into the water,
I did labor work there,
I worked at a diner, I would buy some land there,,,
whenever I earned money,
Then I ran my own diner called "Foul-mouthed Diner",
Whenever I earned money, I would buy 1,500 or 3,300m² of land,,,
and houses here and there,
I ended up like this after that,
Mom, don't you regret living like that?
No,
Why? Why don't you regret it?
Because I have you,
I would have died already,,,
if I didn't have you,
I couldn't die when you are so pretty,,,
and like a flower,
This pretty thing belongs to me,
Why would I regret anything?
I don't regret anything,
Mom,
I'll do my best to treat you better,
I'll live happily with So Won,,,
and raise Han Gyul well to not make you sad,
Mom, I'm going to live happily,
Okay,
If I cut him out because I don't like him,
it will only hurt you,
I understand that now,
Even if the situation's complicated,
I'll try to accept this complicated situation,
Let's try living like that,
I will leave now,
Were you still here?
I was late because I just got back from visiting Ae Ri at the hospital,
How is Ae Ri?
Her bruises are worse than we thought, She'll stay for a few days,
It seems like she was waiting for you to come,
I don't want to see her yet,
I'll see her after I decide what the truth is,
I saw Ae Ri since she was a baby,
She isn't cunning enough to do something like that,
Would you like a cup of tea?
You must've been thinking about that,,,
seeing that you can't sleep,
You won't understand,,,
how empty it feels to not know my parents,
It feels like my heart is always empty,
I'm fortunate to have met Tae Yang,
But I still feel very lonely sometimes,
Is that why you want to find,,,
that woman named "Ok"?
I think "Ok" was,,,
my stepmother,
I called her by her name,
and I dimly remember my father caning me,,,
for not calling her "Mom",
She probably died by now,
Even if she is alive, I don't want to meet her,
She abandoned me at the train station,,,
and didn't appear when I tried so hard to find her,
That probably means that she erased me from her memories,
Even if she appears in front of me,
I don't want to meet her,
You're right,
Only Tae Yang and Ae Ri are,,,
your real family,
I guess so,
What are you drawing so hard?
I want to give this as a present to Hat Granny,
Really?
Let me see,
Let's see,
Oh, my, You drew so well,
Grandma,
can't you live with us and not go back to America?
Why? Do you like me that much?
Why shouldn't I go back then?
When Dad and I live with Yeon Ju,
Grandpa will be alone,
Grandpa will have bloody stool,,,
from only eating ramyeon,,,
if he's alone,
Can't you cook for him?
You're such a good granddaughter,
You want me to be a cook for your grandpa?
I can't do that,
I have a problem with my knees,
I'll have bloody stool from cooking for your grandpa,
Your knees are stupid,
Goodness,
You talk so mean for a little child,
Stop, that's enough,
Is it okay for you to drink?
This will help me sleep better, It's okay,
Why? Can't you sleep these days?
You should sleep now to take care of your patients tomorrow,
I have a lot on my mind,
I feel so bad after hearing the story of my mother-in-law's life,
That's right,
I thought she luckily became rich from real estate speculation,
She's a poor woman,
Treat her well when you go there,
It's not easy to raise someone else's child,
She had decided to accept Han Gyul,
Be thankful,
That's why,,,
I'm going to try to find that person,
That person?
Do you mean Yeon Ju's brother whom Mrs, Yang abandoned,,,
46 years ago?
Yes,
When he went missing, they searched everywhere,,,
because his father was a local worthy,
I think he was adopted overseas,,,
because they couldn't find him,
I don't think that's right,
Who would adopt a 5 or 6-year-old child?
It will be more painful if you don't find anything,,,
after having high expectations,
Just leave it there,
I think my mother-in-law will find peace again,,,
once I help her meet him,
I'll try finding him,
You punk,
Anyway,
you have a big heart because you take after me,
Fine, Do your best to find the guy,
Who knows?
You can't see what's right under your nose,
He might be closer to us than you think,
A reunion of a mother and a son after half a century,
My gosh, that would be incredible,
(Hwa Young Dance Academy)
- I didn't know you were here, - Yes,
I looked for you everywhere when I couldn't find you in the morning,
Why are you here so early in the morning?
I got my act together,
I'm going back to my old self,
What do you mean?
You got your act together?
I haven't been myself because of Kevin and you,
I used to have so many students, but lately, a lot of them have left,
I only have three left now,
I'm going to start again with my morning Zumba class,
I will go back to the old days,
"The old days"? What do you mean?
I always try my best to live a simple life,
but I've been thinking too much lately,
That's why I had been played by that witch, Joo Ae Ri,
From now on, I'll keep my eyes straight ahead and live diligently,
That's a great idea,
If you want to go back to the old days,
it means,,,
I can sleep next to you, right?
I said I'll try, but I didn't say I forgive you,
If the floor is uncomfortable, we'll switch weekly,
Mom still hasn't forgiven him,
We should use some of our allowance,
Do you want to set up a date for them?
My gosh, why are you sighing?
Your dad met up with the chairman and cleared up misunderstandings,
I know,
Did Joo Ae Ri cause another problem?
Manager Jung was going to reveal everything at the meeting,
But she pretended that I pushed her and fell from the staircase,,,
in front of everyone,
What,,, What?
My gosh, Dear me,
What,,, How could she do that to herself?
Mom, no matter how much I think, I don't think I can beat her,
What's even more frustrating is,,,
that the chairman still trusts her,
It wouldn't be hard for him to doubt her since he practically raised her,
Goodness,
So what is Manager Jung going to do?
He's going to make the final decision,
"Final decision"?
What is that?
(Statement)
Were you aware of this?
Did you know what Ae Ri did to Lee Ru Ri while she worked here?
I also looked into it thoroughly,
Everyone, who sided with Lee Ru Ri, is a friend of Lee Ru Ri,
It must be a minor problem due to the competition in the office,
You and I cannot give Ae Ri a pass because we both care for her,
I'm not giving her a pass, I've checked the statement myself,
It's a small problem which stemmed from the competition between them,
Sir, Mr, Jung Tae Yang is here to see you,
Show him in,
What brings you here so early?
I am here to get my answer,
What did you say? He's going to cut his ties?
That's what he said,
If the chairman continues to believe Joo Ae Ri,
he said he's going to live his life without a father,
That's ludicrous,
It took them so long to reunite,
Besides, those aren't the ties he can easily cut,
Reuniting after 30 years proves it's his fate to have a father,
That's why I'm thinking of breaking up with him,
Even if we do get married, would we be happy?
I'll cause him to make an enemy out of his father for his entire life,
I'll end up blaming myself for ruining his future,
Where is Joo Ae Ri?
You said she's in the hospital, right?
Which hospital?
Mom, what are you going to do?
I'm not going to do anything,
Instead of thinking about excuses to break up with him,
you should visit her and put an end to this mess,
Mom, how could I outsmart her?
I'm scared to even see her face now,
Is this how much your love amount to?
Because of a few lies,
you're going to give up on your love?
Ru Ri, do you know why I held out,,,
for 34 years even though,,,
I wanted to divorce your dad every single day?
I wanted to do my best for the love I had chosen,
Since you chose Manager Jung,
regardless of the result,
you must do your best not to have any regrets later on,
You want my answer to your question?
Have you looked over what I gave you?
Of course,
What is your conclusion?
Please tell me,
If you choose to believe Joo Ae Ri even after reading this,
we have nothing more to talk about,
You are aware that,,,
Joo Ae Ri and Lee Ru Ri got off on the wrong foot, correct?
People are selfish, so they're bound to speak favorable of themselves,
Just like you believe Lee Ru Ri,
I believe my daughter,
Do you mean that?
Yes, I do,
I understand,
If you are not willing to change, I will have to make my choice,
(Resignation Letter)
I cannot stand here and watch,,,
when a wicked woman tries to ruin my life and,,,
the life of the woman I love,
Once I resign from my position, everything will be over,
So I will resign,
Are you giving me an ultimatum?
You will cut ties with me if I don't give my blessing?
- Is that it? - No,
What I am giving up is the chance to follow in your footstep,
I will live as your son outside the company,
Stop right there,
The moment you leave this office,
I am going to give up on you before you give up on me,
You won't mind if I don't include you in my inheritance will, correct?
Please stay healthy,
Gosh, that feels so nice,
It feels nice,
- Do you like this that much? - Isn't it obvious?
I know you're not making much these days, What's the occasion?
Actually, I didn't pay for this,
Woo Joo and Eun Byul got me this coupon,,,
for the couples massage with money from their part-time jobs,
Why did they do that?
They want us to sleep together,
They said they wanted a sibling or something like that,
They are all nuts,
Did they forget how old I am?
We will prepare the tea for you, please get some rest,
Okay,
Thank you,
That feels great,
But I'm glad,
We overcame this ordeal together,
Actually, I even thought about doing something horrible,
Something horrible?
Didn't Tae Yang tell you?
I even went to Kevin's ward,
Why,,, Why did you go there?
When Kevin got into the accident,
do you not remember the fight we had?
So you want to end things now?
Do we have another choice?
She's going to torture me as long as I'm with you,
I don't want that monstrous witch to torture me anymore,
It's also what's best for the children,
I can't live with you any longer,
Why did you go there?
Why did you go see someone unconscious with a respirator?
I wasn't in my right mind,
I thought that I'd have you back,,,
if only Kevin disappeared,
Disappear?
Does that mean you went there to take the respirator off?
I told you,
Just like you were out of your mind,
I was out of my mind as well,
It all happened in the past, so,,,
How can you say that it happened in the past?
You murderer,
Myung Rang, did you do as I told? Did you find out?
Of course,
Joo Ae Ri is in Room 606 in Hankuk Hospital,
All right, Thanks,
Ru Ri, are you headed there?
What are you going to do?
I'm going to get my revenge on her,
I'll repay her for what she did to me,
I think Tae Yang is more immature than we thought,
You already have a lot on your mind because of the Beijing branch,
He shouldn't upset you about things like this,
I know,
It seems like I can't lean on anyone,
We've overcome the crisis,
The chairman will be arriving in 40 minutes,
(VIP Room 606, Patient Joo Ae Ri)
(Recording)
Seeing that you're standing on your feet,
this must be another one of your little acts,
Why are you here?
I've come here to give you an advice,
You're too good to be working at SC, You should be an actress,
I don't need your advice, Get out of my room now,
Do you think I'd get out so easily?
You'd better answer my questions from this moment,
Get out,
I'm expecting someone, Get out right now,
That's better,
You're supposed to be sick,
I'll take care of the guests,
All right, I don't have time, so be quick,
What do you want to know?
Why are you doing this?
You've even hurt yourself,
Hurt myself?
I fell because you pushed me,
If it weren't for Jung Tae Yang,
you'd already have been arrested,
Do you know why you're so stupid?
You think this will make Tae Yang change his mind about you?
No, it won't,
This will make him lose even the slightest pity he had for you,
He'll just hate you more,
Do you really think so?
No one knows how this will end,
All I know is that,,,
whatever you do, you won't be able to win me,
Do you know why?
Just like you said before, I made a show of myself,
That's not something everyone can do,
You need to plan it, do rehearsals,
and gather audience to witness it just in time,
Moreover,
you need to have the nerve to risk your life and fall down the stairs,
Do you really think you'll be able to beat me?
Let's just say Tae Yang chose you, just like you said,
Do you think you'd be happy?
You'll be living with a shell that you stole from someone else,
Do you think you'll be happy?
Are you saying,,,
that you prefer love to everything else?
If it's so precious to you,
there's only one way to protect it,
Make Jung Tae Yang cut his ties with my dad,
I'm not interested in Chef Jung Tae Yang,
I'm interested in the successor of SC Food and Beverage,
(Manager Jung)
Why is this here?
What is this? Were you recording this?
Give me my phone back, Give it back,
Give it to me,
What are you doing, Lee Ru Ri?
She was hurt because of you, and yet you come here to her room,,,
and cause a fuss?
It's not like that,
Dad, please get her out of here,
If you hadn't been here in time,,,
Come outside,
Let me go, Chairman Kevin, I just need a minute,
Please hear me out,
I just need a moment, Please listen to this,
Please get her out of here, Please,
Let's go,
That's not something everyone can do,
You need to plan it, do rehearsals,
and gather audience to witness it just in time,
Please listen to this, Everything is in here,
- Let's go outside, - Wait,
Give it to me,
Sir,
You don't need to hear that,
It's just about our fight,
Give it to me,
Moreover,
you need to have the nerve to risk your life and fall down the stairs,
Do you really think you'll be able to beat me?
Can you reach Ru Ri?
Do you know where she is?
She went to meet Joo Ae Ri,
She asked me to find her hospital room,
What?
Make Jung Tae Yang cut his ties with my dad,
I'm not interested in Chef Jung Tae Yang,
I'm interested in the successor of SC Food and Beverage,
You can go now,
- Sir, it's,,, - You should leave too,
Is this the truth?
Have you been lying to me all along?
Answer me,
Why did you do this to me?
I trusted you until the end, Why did you do this?
Don't you know,,,
why I did this?
Yes, I committed everything,
First, I tried to throw Jung Tae Yang out of the company,
After people found out that he was your son, I tried to seduce him,
Don't you still understand,,,
why I did this?
It's because of you,
You're the one who made me like this,
Even if we're not related by blood, I was raised as your daughter,
You completely ignored me the moment you found out about Tae Yang,
It turned out that he was your son,
It was only a matter of time that I would be forgotten,
- Ae Ri, - I did it,,,
because I was afraid that I would lose you,,,
and your love forever,
I didn't want to be in pain,,,
for the rest of my life and die alone just like my mom,
Is it still my fault?
Do you still think that I'm bad?
You're the one who made me like this,
You made me become like this,
I did this because of you,
Ru Ri,
I told you to stay still,
What happened?
It's all over,
The chairman will know now,
He will know about everything,
Oh, my,
Gosh,
Are you beating the crab,,,
or trying to cook it?
Why are you so cross early in the morning?
Do you remember when I told you to make gejang?
We won't be able to eat it today if you make this now,
I don't have time to make gejang,
I cleaned the entire house,,,
and unpacked everything,
When I lie down at night,
my legs would swell,
Who are you trying to scam?
Your whole body is swollen,
Is that why you're so cross?
Don't you read the papers?
There will be laws made to help maids make unions,
If you don't guarantee my right to work and overwork me,
I might go on strike,
I can't believe this,
You don't know how lucky you are,
You're talking nonsense,
The lady who used to work here,,,
calls me day and night, She says that she's suffering,,,
from frostbite on her hands from digging cockles in Beolgyo,
She wants to work here again,
So just quit, Take those gloves off,
Get out,
I think you're having a problem with your hearing from getting old,
When did I say that I was going on a strike?
I brought up a possibility that I might go on a strike,
There were only two people living in this house,
I just wanted you to appreciate that work has suddenly doubled for me,,,
from two more people coming to this house,
That's why I brought 1,000 dollars to give you,
What else does Dr, Lee like besides gejang?
Does he like everything that has crabs?
I'll do steamed crabs, crab soup, and crab rice,
Are you serious? Crab rice?
Gosh,
Be careful what you say,
My precious son-in-law will come in the evening,
Just make some delicious gejang,
Don't add any sesame oil,
- Okay, - Sesame oil doesn't go well,
- Yes, - Yeon Ju?
Yeon Ju,
Oh, my,
You're like a fairy,,,
on earth,
You look romantic and fantastic,
You look so pretty,
It's been awhile, Let's do it,
Whose daughter are you?
I'm your daughter,
Please live happily this time without making a mistake, okay?
Don't worry,
I promise you,
I'm going to make you laugh for the rest of your life,
You're really extraordinary,
You divorced,,,
and remarried within a year,
That's not all,
I'm probably the only person who has been through so much with someone,
Engagement, marriage, separation, divorce, and remarriage,
It's obvious that So Won is eternally my love,
You won't be able to separate from So Won,
Wear your coat and get ready,
Your aunt is the major reason why you could get back with each other,
You must always thank her,
Thank you,
Please stay here for a long time,
That's okay,
Your daughter wants me to be your father's cook,
Grandma, that's a secret,
Grandpa, please don't always eat ramyeon because I'm not here,
Please take a bath when you have time,
You smell like a widower,
Don't drink alone and sleep,
People say that you will get Bell's palsy,
Don't cry alone because you miss me,
- And,,, - Okay, I get it,
You're nagging me so much when you're about to leave,
If you're that worried, live with me here,,,
instead of leaving with your dad,
No,
Bow before it's too late,
If not, you'll really have to live with grandpa here,
Mom and Dad, I will live happily,
Please be healthy,
Oh, my goodness,
Kim Dong Il,
(Kim Dong Il, Deposit 40,000 dollars)
The director transferred properly,
There was heavy snow early this morning,
I heard that you will live a happy life,,,
if heavy snow falls on your wedding day,
We will gladly celebrate the remarriage,,,
of Lee So Won and Ha Yeon Ju,,,
who went a long way to meet again,
Please greet the adults of both families,
The mothers of both families will light a candle,,,
to wish a bright future for you,
Not only you but also the family members,,,
went through a hard time because of the divorce,
I asked you to write a letter,,,
to promise that you will never separate again,
Please read it if you're ready,
I won't quarrel with you,
If a quarrel is inevitable, I will let you win,
If something unforgivable happens, please forgive me three times,
I will forgive you four times,
I will always smile when I'm next to you,
I will always respect you like this,
I will trust you,
I will always cherish you,
We will live as partners taking the same path,
as parents, and as lovers,
Let's get divorced,
- I love you, - And,,,
- no matter what hardship will come, - no matter what hardship will come,
- we will not give up each other,,, - we will not give up each other,,,
- and try hard until the end, - and try hard until the end,
- Even if we fail, - Even if we fail,
- we will rely on each other,,, - we will rely on each other,,,
- with the everlasting love, - with the everlasting love,
- We will love,,, - We will love,,,
- each other for ever, - each other for ever,
Su Mi,
How did it go?
(Kim Dong Il, 40,000 dollars)
Make sure to keep it,
I'll be out in a month,
How? You still have time left,
I applied for parole,
I'll be able to leave this time,
So I need that money,
If you ever use that money, I won't let you get away with it,
Don't worry, Han Gyul isn't even around,
As soon as you get out of here, your life will bloom,
Have you heard about Han Gyul?
Are you crazy? Why would you be interested after abandoning her?
Forget about her,
She's probably doing well with the rich family,
Remember to secure that money,
As soon as I leave,
I'm going to live like a human being,
I'm hungry, Grandpa,
When do we get to eat?
Soon,
Well,,,
Why don't you make a speech to celebrate their marriage?
I actually wrote a letter,
I heard the happiest day of life,,,
is when my child gets married,
Even though I was against it,
all my daughter wanted was Lee So Won,
So I'm going to test you,,,
for the last time,
You have to answer it right to have my daughter,
so listen carefully and answer,
Mom,
Just like how you worship Lord at church,,,
and follow Buddha at temple,
tell me whom you must trust and follow,,,
when a couple in love,,,
is married,
Whom?
What is it? What is it? I'm curious,
Tell me the answer, Tell me,
Let's eat first,
I'm hungry, Hat Granny,
Be quiet, you little girl,
She's so hasty just like her grandfather,
That is,,,
The one that the couple must trust and follow is,,,
honey,
Although I answered it for you,
what I'm asking you is,,,
that you should serve your sweetheart,
and I wish you to live happily ever after,
- Yes, I'll keep that in mind, - Yes, I'll keep that in mind,
You should make a speech too,
You've been practicing,
What I practiced?
Shall I?
First of all,
for allowing Han Gyul and So Won,
I'm very thankful, grateful,
and I love you,
Goodness, I don't want a widower,
I'm just joking,
Now that,,,
I've graduated marriage, I've learned a lot,
The more the husband loves,
the less the wife asks,
The more the wife loves,
the less the husband is exhausted,
In this lonely world,
it's a bless,,,
to have a lover,
You should be nice to another when you have them, Over,
Then now, Aunt who is the oldest person in here,,,
and who had a happy marriage,,,
will propose a toast,
Aunt,
There's only one thing I can say,,,
on this gracious day,
This is a miracle, Everyone's a miracle,
Oh, my goodness,
- Oh, my goodness, - Oh, my goodness,
It's such a relief that Chairman Kevin finally realized,,,
that Joo Ae Ri put on a show,
Ru Ri's also very amazing,
How could she think of visiting such a scary woman?
I know, She'll be fine from now on,
By the way, I'm going to meet your father soon,
Because you said your father likes a humorous person,
I've been practicing jokes,
Really? Then show me how funny it is,
Remember, My father's very sophisticated,
Are you going to hit me again?
No,
There's no place to hit you on your body,
Hurry up, Try me,
Then,,,
- it'll give a nonsense quiz, - Okay,
US currency's dollar, Japanese currency's Yen,
Then what would be Australian currency?
Well,,, Isn't it Australian dollar?
No, It's a pocket,
You always hit me,
Do some more,
- I have no more, - Do some more,
I'm not going to do it,
Kim Sung Tan!
You made me like this,
You turned me into this,
I won't let my life and life of the one I love,,,
get ruined that wicked woman,,,
any longer,
All this will end when I quit this company,
so I'll leave,
(Traditional Italian restaurant, Neapolitan Kitchen's hiring a cook,)
(Father)
Lee Ru Ri, It took me a while to call you,
It's all right, sir,
I called you to ask for a favor,
It seems Tae Yang's disappointed in me,
Help me meet him,
The faster, the better, It'd be great if I could meet him today,
Okay, I'll be waiting,
You should get going, sir,
Okay,
About Ae Ri,,,
What are you going to do about her?
Stay away from that problem,
Why did you want to meet here? It's uncomfortable,
How so?
I love this place,
This is the place,,,
where I became a career woman from a jobless person,
It's a precious place I'll never forget,
How did the remarriage go?
I realized it today,,,
how important a family is,
When I'm happy or sad,
my family is the one who empathizes with me,
That's true,
That's probably why people all get married and have children,
Right?
That's why you can't turn your back on,,,
your precious family members,
- Ru Ri, - If I tell you that it's my wish,
will you make up with the chairman?
Why are you here?
Are you here to tell me about Jung Tae Yang's marriage?
Now that the bad bully is gone,
the only thing left is for them to get married,
Dad,
you wanted to have many people around you,
You should get them married, have children,
and hurry up with the succession,
What are you planning to do in the future?
Why do you ask me that?
Doesn't everything depend on your decision?
I've been thinking about this for a few days, but I still don't know,
If I was lacking and made you feel lonely,
I'm sorry,
But that's no excuse for the wrongdoings that you've done,
So what?
You want me to get lost to America?
Now that your real son is here,
you want to get rid of your adopted daughter, Isn't that the truth?
The only thing I want from you,,,
is to live truthfully like a human,
Neither hurting others,,,
nor lying to others,
If you can keep these promises,
I'll support you whatever you do wherever you want,
You should make a decision on your own,
What do you want to do?
What are you going to do in the future?
I'll be back,
So you're blaming me until the end!
There's only one thing I want,
I want to be a useful daughter to you,
So please forgive me once more,
and let me stay next to you,
I'm sorry,
But that won't be possible,
If you stay next to me, I'll lose two people,
You know who they are,
Think carefully,,,
and then tell me how you plan to live from now on,
Chairman Kevin, I'm waiting for you at the restaurant with Tae Yang,
I'll go by myself, You should stay here and comfort Ae Ri,
What did he say?
I think he wants me to leave,
Why did you ruin things like this?
What?
Who do you think is to blame for all this?
I don't know now,
It's getting so pathetic, Let's just end everything here,
I'll just go to America and spend money,
I'll sell all the stocks that Mom left me,
I can't let you go like this,
What?
What will you do then?
Do you want me to put up a show again?
You should if you need to, so as to change his mind,
Get over it,
Whatever I do, even if I do something crazy,
Dad won't change his mind,
I learned the hard way that there's nothing important than blood,
Did you forget how your mother died?
Why does Jung Tae Yang have to be the successor to SC Food?
It's always the same pattern,
We do all the hard work, and they get all the good inheritance,
We're not bad,
We're just trying to get the fair share we deserve!
This is justice,
What should I do then?
I need to be next to him to be able to take or get something,
But there's no way I can stay next to him,
I told you before,,,
about how your mother died,
Keep that in mind,
We'll aim for Kevin's weakness,
We'll be arriving at the airport soon,
Why do you keep knitting that?
There's nothing much to do for your children at this age,
The least I can do is to make baby hats for them,
Gosh, children,
We'll always be worried about them as long as we live,
That's why children owe us,
You should think about this again,
How can you go to Sudan at your age?
Even foxes go back to their hometowns when they die,
You should live in Korea with me,
You're the one who needs to have a life,
I'm going to Sudan to cook for my son,
What about me? My life is good enough as it is,
You must be kidding me,
Don't you know that only couples are there for each other,,,
as they get older and older?
After my husband left,
my house seems empty,
Do your best when there still is someone you love,
I want to,
but Young Hye doesn't want me,
If she really hated you, she'd have gotten a divorce,
Please change your personality, and don't let her go,
And don't forget the words "honey" and "darling",
What do you mean?
Don't you know that?
Saying "Honey" tells people that you think they're precious to you,
Saying "Darling" means that person is as valuable as your life,
Only Young Hye can be your "honey" and "darling",
Get her back before it's too late,
"Honey" and "darling"?
"Honey" and "darling",
What are you thinking about?
When I ended things with you,,,
and left with my father,
I thought I'd never come back to your house,
But I'm here again,
Yes, This still feels like a dream to me,
It's all thanks to you,
Thank you for never giving up and reaching out to me,
Thank you,,,
for coming back to me in time,
Han Gyul is asleep, I'll carry her,
Is going on a drive instead of a proper trip all right for you?
We can't go because of Han Gyul's kindergarten,
We barely got her in, She needs to go starting tomorrow,
I'm sorry for making you become a mom so suddenly,
I want to thank you,
Just like your father told me,
she's all grown up, so we don't need to wake up in the nights,
And I didn't need to get a surgery,
What's more,
she made me realize how much I love you,
What are you doing?
Oh my goodness,
My eyes are ruined,
Oh, my,
Why are you setting the table all of a sudden?
Why do you say all of a sudden? It's called housekeeping,
My precious son-in-law is coming home today,
I prepared the best dinner there is,
I was really surprised,
You're really good at cooking,
I've worked at restaurants for 20 to 30 years,
I'm sick of cooking,
That's why I stopped going into the kitchen,
So basically this place is,,,
training school for a maid,
You're learning from me for free,
You should pay me,
Mom, We're here,
Welcome,
Goodness,
Congratulations Congratulations
I made flowers with one-dollar-bills,,,
all night long,
Welcome,
Goodness,
It took you four months,,,
to come home from work,
Yes, Mother,
I'm back,
From now on, I'll be home on time,
Yes, sir,
Come here,
Young Hye is your only "honey" and "darling",
Get her before it's too late,
Goodness,
Why would you stand there so quietly?
Did your sister leave safely?
Yes,
What made you stay,,,
and cook for me?
I thought you'd feel lonely,
Now that your beloved So Won and Han Gyul left,
you really have to live alone from now on,
I made some side dishes for you,
Just cook rice later,
Are you worried about me?
Of course I am,
Women can live alone,
but men can't do it at all,
You're right,
Couples must live together,
When I saw So Won and Yeon Ju sitting together,
I felt like crying,
Right, They were beautiful,
Couples must stay together just like you said,
How about,,,
a love shot after a long time,,,
to feel like we're on a date?
Sure, It seems you've changed a lot,
I was actually about to compliment you,
Here,
I love you, Hong Young Hye,
Goodness,
I'm happy that I still have a man who says that to me,
I only have you in my life,
Why won't you drink?
Are you worried about getting drunk?
Then you can stay here tonight,
Next to Shin Mo that you love,
No thank you, I have to drive,
What? Did you buy a car?
I don't have money for it,
Then where did you get a car?
I got one,
What are you talking about?
It's expensive, How can you just get it?
The boss bought one for me,
He said I'm working hard,
You scared me,
Hong Young Hye, Are you that easy?
Is that why you graduated marriage?
Honey,
Honey my foot,
Are you stupid or are you nuts about money?
Why would he buy a car for someone else's wife?
He's doing that to get you,
Didn't you notice it when you took it?
Or did you just fall for it,,,
even though you're aware?
You need to act like your age,
Do you still want to act like a woman at that age?
Lee Shin Mo, Is that the best you can do?
I have to go to the factory in the other region occasionally,
I have to train people,,,
at other stores,
He was being considerate and told me to use it like a company car,
What did you say? A gold digger,,,
and acting like a woman?
Are you going to keep talking shallow?
What? Shallow?
Is your boss,,,
spending money to flirt with another man's wife,,,
because he's elegant and sophisticated?
Which car did you get?
If he got you a company car to go to other stores and factory,
he should've gotten you at least a freight truck,
Did you get a truck?
No, you didn't, See?
I can smell it already from it,
Did you think you could hide it?
Goodness, The man who gives or the woman who takes,
It's so ugly, I can't stand it,
Return the car tomorrow,
My goodness,
What? You don't want to?
Do you want that car or the guy?
Why can't you return it?
I was out of my mind for a second because of the kids,
It's true that I'm not supposed to fix someone,
You haven't changed at all,
Lee Shin Mo, Keep living like this, and die,
What?
Hey, Hong Young Hye, Stop right there,
It's an order, Stop right there,
What are you doing? Let me go,
Come here,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
What's this?
I kept it even after your mom left,
I want you to keep it,
- Han Gyul, - Yeon Ju,
You should call me Mom,
Mom! Why can't you say it?
Mom, Mom, Mom,
How dare you separate me and my dad?
Let's see if it goes your way,
This is a veterinary anesthetic,
Is it life threatening?
Maybe,
Do you think Joo Ae Ri did all that alone?
Chairman Kevin might be in danger too,